This is a project I built to learn basics of web sockets, how real time communication works and stuff. So I thought it would be cool to make something like this, as during this pandemic, we all really got used to with all the group chats for our taken courses every semester. But later when everything will turn normal (soon I hope), and we'll start having offline classes again, it might be hard for some people to contact someone online from a course s/he's taken. Yeah this app won't be the first thing to come anyone's mind :v But this is basically the reason/idea behind creating it.

So here you'll just visit the site, search for a course (only cs courses currently), and send any message in its room. You don't really have to create an account. The first time you land here, a random id is generated and stored into localstorage for future references, so that you can edit that id and add a name. The id isn't really random per se, it's basically the number of milliseconds elapsed since January 1, 1970 (Date.now xD). So until clearing browsing data, every time you enter the app, the messages you send will refer to your existing 'account'. My priorities were to learn as much about sockets and rooms, so didn't really go to the route of authentication, that seemed an overkill. 

Tech used were- node, socket io, react and mongodb. And before everything, I scraped the site that contains info of all the cs courses in our uni, and added them to database. So basically you start typing the name of a course, it searches for them in db, returns the matching room (course) names. After clicking a search result, react <Route /> renders the chat container with room info, useEffect fetches old messages, adds client's socket to server etc.
